Just like we did with our goals component,
now we want to thankify out our todos component.
Notice, we've already created our handle delete todo asynchronous action creator.
So, all we have left is our add item as well as our toggle item logic. So, we'll do.
Again, this is going to be very similar to what we did in our goals component.
Eventually, we want to create a new action creator called handleaddtodo.
We're going to parse it two things.
The name of the new todo item,
which we can get from this.input.value.
And then, a callback function that when it's invoked
will reset the input value to an empty string.
And then now, I'm going to copy all of this logic and up
inside of where our action creators are.
Let's create a new one.
Let's do it right here above handledeletetodo.
It was called handleaddtodo.
And it took him two things,
the name of the need to do item as well as the callback.
And then as always, we want to return a function that is parsed dispatch.
And then now, we paste in the logic.
So, we invoke savetodo,
parsing it the name.
And then, instead of calling this.props.store,
we already have access to dispatch because that's
what was parsed to our function that we returned.
Then now, to reset the input value,
we just invoke the callback function. So, that looks great.
Let's go ahead and do that same thing but for toggling and item.
So, we are going to create a new action creator
that encapsulates all of this logic down here.
Let's go ahead and call it handletoggle.
So, we will parse it the ID.
And then, let's copy all of this,
head back up to where our action creators are,
create that action creator called handletoggle,
which will be parsed an ID,
and needs to return a function which will be passed dispatch.
And then, we will paste all that in,
get rid of this.props.store.
And there we go.
So now, let's make sure that this is working as well.
So now, inside of our todo component,
we can still toggle and
sometimes we'll get an error but most of the time it'll still work.
And then, we can also add a new item here.
We'll say, read a book. And there we go.
So, we have successfully removed
all the asynchronous logic or all the data fetching
logic from our component and put it into their own action creators,
which handle not only dispatching the action but
also any time that we want to communicate with our API.